Problem 12. Development Environments

Perform a research (e.g. in Google or Wikipedia) and provide a short list with 
popular development environments (IDEs) like Visual Studio. Write in a text file 
called “list-of-IDEs.txt” at least five IDEs along with 2-3 sentences about each 
of them. Use English.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1. Visual Studio
This IDE is mostly used by corporate programmers to produce .NET code.
Of of the best IDE's advantages is Intellisense, Automatic code formatting, extesnibility
and of course, it compiles code.

2. Eclipse
This is the best alternative if you are not a big fan of Microsoft’s Visual Studio. 
The interface is a lot cleaner and concise than Visual Studio and the languages that 
are possible to use extend past the .Net Framework. Besides being the number on way 
to develop Android applications via the Android SDK, it is fully extensible to use 
languages such as Ruby, C, C++ and many many more. The most important advantage of 
Eclipse is that it's free. Compiles code.

3.Netbeans
The is the number one alternative to Eclipse. This program is extensible and free, 
and it compiles code which is a bonus. When installing Netbeans it comes with a Java 
server called GlassFish that you could deploy on your computer for your testing 
environment. This server is the second biggest server for Java next to WebSphere.

4. Kate
Kate is exactly how the website describes it, a text editor. Not to be looked down 
upon as it does a lot more than a regular text edit can do and that is what makes 
this an indispensable product. On of the advantages is that Kate uses Linux. And also,
one of the best features for kate is code folding. 

5.Gedit
Gedit is the official editor of the gnome desktop and comes installed once the system 
is setup. Very useful for the user that is casually editing code and not undertaking 
major projects. This would be a good companion to Netbeans or Eclipse. Uses Linux too. 
And it's already installed on gnome systems.  packages open at once to jump back and 
forth between if need be. This is a highly useful when comparing documents and debugging
code. Highlishts code and allows multiple source packages open at once to jump back 
and forth between if need be. This is a highly useful when comparing documents and 
debugging code. But it doesn't compile code.

Source:
http://hackaday.com/2010/08/24/top-5-integrated-development-environments/

